To create a new role named "Princess" with pink color and admin permissions, I need to perform the following steps:

Create the role: Set the name to "Princess" and color to pink.
Assign admin permissions: Configure the role to have administrative privileges.

However, the current tools I have don't explicitly allow setting permissions directly. I can create the role, but assigning admin permissions might require additional steps in Discord's interface after creation. Would you like me to proceed with creating the role first?
To create a new role named "Princess" with a pink color and admin privileges, I'll need to perform the following steps:

Create the role: I'll set the name to "Princess" and assign it a pink color. Since Discord roles use hexadecimal color codes, I'll use #FFC0CB (the hex code for pink).

Enable admin privileges: This is a highly sensitive setting, so I'll confirm with you before proceeding.

Confirmation Required:
The role "Princess" will have administrator permissions, meaning anyone with this role will have full control over the server, including the ability to delete channels, ban members, and change server settings.

Let me know if you approve this action. If you do, I'll proceed with creating the role. If not, I can adjust the permissions accordingly.
! 1XELDark63
[RAWR]
 — 14:34
¬askai proceed
Shaped_B0T
APP
 — 14:34
Could you clarify what you'd like me to proceed with? For example, are you looking to:

List channels, roles, or members?
Create or delete a channel or role?
Manage members (e.g., kick or ban someone)?
Clone server settings?
Or something else?

Let me know so I can assist you effectively!
It seems like you'd like me to proceed with something, but I'm not sure what specific action you're referring to. Could you clarify or provide details about what you'd like me to do? For example:

Would you like to list channels, roles, or members?
Do you want to create or delete a channel or role?
Need help with server management tasks like kicking/banning members or cloning settings?

Let me know, and I'll assist you accordingly!
! 1XELDark63
[RAWR]
 — 14:35
¬askai Create the role: I'll set the name to "Princess" and assign it a pink color. Since Discord roles use hexadecimal color codes, I'll use #FFC0CB (the hex code for pink).
Shaped_B0T
APP
 — 14:35
To create a role with the name "Princess" and the color #FFC0CB (pink), I can help you with that. However, currently, my available tools do not include a direct function for creating roles. 

To proceed, you can:
Manually create the role in Discord's server settings (Role tab) and assign the color and name as needed.
If you'd like, I can list the existing roles for you to check if the "Princess" role already exists before you create it.

Let me know how you'd like to proceed!
To create a role with the name "Princess" and the color pink (#FFC0CB), I'll need to use the create_role function. Let me proceed with the creation of this role.

 etxek<｜tool▁call▁begin｜>function<｜tool▁sep｜>create_role
json
{"guild_id":1397621162330296464,"role_name":"Princess","color":"#FFC0CB"}
! 1XELDark63
[RAWR]
 — 14:36
proceed
¬askai create_role "Princess" and the color pink (#FFC0CB),